Marcus Ma: Hi there is my video coming up.
Moses Nasser: No, I don't see you on the video.
Marcus Ma: Okay.
Marcus Ma: Okay. Start video. Okay, there I am.
Moses Nasser: There you are. How you doing,
Marcus Ma: I am doing I'm doing pretty well today actually, it's been it's been a good week for me. THEN IT'S PRETTY EXCEPTIONAL week actually. So
Moses Nasser: Okay, excellent.
Moses Nasser: Let me make a little chart. I'm Dr. Moses. Nice to meet you.
Marcus Ma: Let's meet you too. I'm Marcus.
Moses Nasser: Know, right.
Moses Nasser: Let me go ahead and just make a little chart for you, just for my notes.
Marcus Ma: If you had a long day.
Moses Nasser: A little bit, yeah.
Moses Nasser: But it's good.
Moses Nasser: What's your last name, Marcus.
Marcus Ma: Ma R LA is
Moses Nasser: What's your date of birth.
Marcus Ma: 314 1974
Moses Nasser: All right.
Moses Nasser: Okay, so, um,
Moses Nasser: What brings you to bright heart health.
Marcus Ma: Um, well, I've been struggling
Marcus Ma: Struggling with different issues multiple addictions.
Marcus Ma: I've often on struggle with an addiction to Crystal Meth for the last
Marcus Ma: 20 well
Marcus Ma: I guess.
Marcus Ma: 25 years
Marcus Ma: Okay, and before that I
Marcus Ma: was struggling with addiction to pornography.
Marcus Ma: Pornography masturbation.
Marcus Ma: And which is
Marcus Ma: Which has
Marcus Ma: progressed into
Marcus Ma: Sexual compulsion. It's been pretty consuming
Marcus Ma: Of my life.
Marcus Ma: So,
Marcus Ma: I i
Moses Nasser: Kind of behaviors are you having that you're not
Moses Nasser: As far as the sexual compulsions go like prostitution or
Moses Nasser: Whatever is him or
Marcus Ma: Yeah, it's
Marcus Ma: That's progress throughout my adult life from like strip clubs.
Marcus Ma: I usually I usually blow a lot of money and then it's progressed into prostitution.
Marcus Ma: And
Marcus Ma: You know, just promiscuous sex like trying to find
Marcus Ma: People to hook up with
Online.
Marcus Ma: You know, chat rooms that sort of thing. And it's
Marcus Ma: So I, I did, I did a year in rehab at the Salvation Army for the crystal meth.
Marcus Ma: About three years ago and I was sober.
Marcus Ma: clean and sober from the math for over two years, up until
Marcus Ma: Up until November of last year, and then I relapsed
Marcus Ma: And typically
Marcus Ma: Typically what that looks like for me is I like for those two years when I was sober.
Marcus Ma: I was trying to have a regular relationship with somebody, but it kind of became on manageable. And so we went into breaking up, but we stayed connected, but I was
Marcus Ma: You know, I was acting out all the time.
Marcus Ma: With prostitution and massage parlors and hooking up with people and then it just got to the point where
Marcus Ma: You know, like the crystal meth. For me, it's, it goes hand in hand with the sexual encounters so November. November I ended up
Marcus Ma: meeting up with an old friend that I used to party with and you know we got high and and then from there, it's from there. It's just been
Marcus Ma: A downward spiral. The last few months until it
Marcus Ma: It's, it's just become increasingly like unmanageable. And I'm you know I'm blowing all my money.
Marcus Ma: I'm neglecting my parental responsibilities I have a 17 year old daughter that that I've taken care of. Since her and her mom and I separated and she was a year old and I've been her primary caregiver and
Marcus Ma: Which I you know I've, I've managed that with the addictions, but like
Marcus Ma: The last few years that's become more difficult and
Moses Nasser: She was
Marcus Ma: Yeah, she was with me and
Marcus Ma: And
Moses Nasser: Most of you live with.
Marcus Ma: I live with my father and also my brother and his family, his wife and two daughters.
Marcus Ma: So yeah, so. So last week I just I just I just really, really checked out. And I got high on Monday, and then I ended up. I didn't, I didn't go into work. The rest of the week and
Marcus Ma: And then there was one day where nobody even knew where I was. And finally, just, you know, I reached out and
Marcus Ma: I was able to get help from my my girlfriend and
Marcus Ma: And some other friends and family.
Marcus Ma: And
Marcus Ma: You know, was able to kind of come up with a plan realized that I needed more, you know, more comprehensive
Marcus Ma: recovery program and so last Friday when I finally started sobering up
Marcus Ma: I started making phone calls and was referred through Dr.
Marcus Ma: Dr. Nan Nan, David.
Marcus Ma: zon or non David's on
Marcus Ma: And I was referred to bright heart, and it seemed like
Marcus Ma: You know, it seemed like it had all the aspects that, you know, I've been trying for months to get into see a psychiatry is to, I had a counselor recommend any depressants for me.
Marcus Ma: And to kind of help, I guess.
Marcus Ma: To kind of help me start to be able to like fall through with the things that I'm trying to do in my recovery which I I tend to have a problem.
Marcus Ma: Like following through with things and staying committed to things. So yeah, so I've been trying for months to
Marcus Ma: To get into the psychiatrist without any success to
Marcus Ma: You know, explore the possibilities of like medication therapy. And also, like, you know, behavioral therapy addiction counseling, all that kind of stuff. So
Marcus Ma: So I'm yeah I mean I'm just, I'm at a point where you know I have I have support people
Marcus Ma: And I'm I'm highly motivated to make make whatever changes. I can that are going to help me to to get healthy and to find ways of managing, you know, whatever, whatever it is that's causing me to be compelled to seek these behaviors that are
Marcus Ma: You know, just unsafe unmanageable.
Marcus Ma: You know, in general, so
Moses Nasser: All right. Well, thank you for sharing. Um, I will do my best to help you. Right.
Moses Nasser: So let's talk about
Moses Nasser: First of all, your drug of choices math.
Moses Nasser: Yes. Okay, so for the math, how do you use it usually
Marcus Ma: I smoke it.
Moses Nasser: Smoked and how much do you use per day. Like how many grams a day.
Marcus Ma: I mean I i'm I'm really kind of a lightweight because I, I've never, I've never gotten to the point where I use daily I all typically over the last like decade.
Marcus Ma: All us sporadically we're all
Marcus Ma: I'll just kind of go out and party for a few days.
Marcus Ma: And
Marcus Ma: And then I typically up and up until recently one of my main motivations for getting into
Marcus Ma: For getting into rehab was that I every time I would use when I would when I would be detoxing I would have, I would have really bad like paranoid schizophrenia episodes.
Marcus Ma: Oh, that seemed very real to me and it and it would it would scare me enough and scare me straight and then I was sober up for a while and then I eventually break down and go out again and use but
Moses Nasser: So, I mean, these episodes were you hearing voices are seeing things that weren't there.
Marcus Ma: Um, yeah, I'd like I'd see things and I you know I, I'd be really paranoid like
Marcus Ma: Something horrible, horrible is going to happen. There are people out after me.
Marcus Ma: Yeah, that's
Marcus Ma: The thing. So, but, but that's
Moses Nasser: A way that
Marcus Ma: Yeah, I mean, that hasn't this last few months that I've been using that hasn't that hasn't been happening at all and
Marcus Ma: So I think that that's
Marcus Ma: That's kind of made it easier for me to use is that there isn't the threat there hasn't been the threat of that happening that I don't know. I don't know what's changed.
Marcus Ma: But I haven't
Marcus Ma: I haven't had that same experience. Okay.
Moses Nasser: When you do use math. How much do you use like half a gram a day or a gram
Marcus Ma: Um,
Marcus Ma: I don't even. I don't even really know the amounts. I mean, I'll go and like by $20 worth
Marcus Ma: And that'll that could last me like a few days.
Moses Nasser: Okay so $20 every three days and like let's say it was $20 worth over three days. And then, how often is that say like once a week, three days out of the week, or is it maybe like once a month, twice a month.
Marcus Ma: I mean, I would say the last few months, like once a month.
Moses Nasser: Once a month. Okay. Yeah. And then
Moses Nasser: So,
Moses Nasser: You have a persistent desire to cut down, you've taken larger amounts over a longer period of time.
Moses Nasser: Have you spent a lot of time in activities to try to get math to use it or to recover from its effects.
Marcus Ma: Um yeah i mean i i spend I spend a lot of time like cruising and trolling for like prostitution and then part of that is always the desire to to throw meth into the mix.
Marcus Ma: So the same neighborhoods where I
Marcus Ma: Where I go looking for, like, prostitution, I mean I can spend hours and hours just, you know, driving around
Marcus Ma: And, you know, to
Marcus Ma: You know trolling for like prostitution and and also you know the math is is always kind of in the back of my mind that
Marcus Ma: Yeah.
Moses Nasser: Have you noticed that you need to use more to go. Hi.
Moses Nasser: Since you started
Marcus Ma: Um, I mean this this last
Marcus Ma: Very beginning
Moses Nasser: The beginning, since you first used
Marcus Ma: Not
Marcus Ma: Not really, because I feel like the way that I use, you know, like
Marcus Ma: I'll go out and all I'll get high. And then I, you know, it might last like a couple, couple days or a few days and then I detox and then I don't use for a while.
Marcus Ma: Yeah, go back and I use again. So I haven't
Marcus Ma: Yet I haven't really got to the point where I like need more
Marcus Ma: To get high.
Moses Nasser: When you stop using then you get some withdrawal symptoms and you're really tired and all that.
Marcus Ma: Yes.
Moses Nasser: I said, you get the withdrawals and then hasn't interfered with your
Moses Nasser: With your, your ability to work or your home.
Moses Nasser: Life family life.
Moses Nasser: Yes. Okay.
Marcus Ma: It all it always does.
Moses Nasser: Yeah diagnosis. Number one is met. Use Disorder severe
Moses Nasser: And then
Moses Nasser: Would you say that. And so, and you've also expressed to me that the whole pornography and sex addiction, has also interfered with your family life and your obligations and things like that. Correct.
Marcus Ma: Yes, yes.
Moses Nasser: And then we'll say number two is going to be behavioral addiction sex addiction.
Moses Nasser: Now do you use any other drugs.
Marcus Ma: No. Um, yeah, I mean, I just, I don't, I don't really like anything else.
Moses Nasser: Okay to
Marcus Ma: Kind of this know how
Moses Nasser: To drink.
Marcus Ma: Um, I mean I've over the last few months I had, I had like maybe four beers and it kind of helped me like mellow out when I was getting high. But I, I, that's, that's the first time I've drank and a couple years and I've never, I've never been a big drinker.
Okay.
Moses Nasser: What about benzodiazepines annex Klonopin no no heroin. Hope you as Vikings darcos Phil's roxy's no
Marcus Ma: No, no, no.
Moses Nasser: Okay, do you have a history of HIV or hepatitis.
Moses Nasser: No. Have you ever had a seizure before
No.
Moses Nasser: And any childhood trauma that you care to share with me or any major trauma life traumas.
Marcus Ma: Um, I mean, nothing, nothing specific that that stands out. I
OK.
Marcus Ma: I think I was just generally unhappy as a child.
Marcus Ma: Okay, yeah.
Moses Nasser: Um, and do you do you take any medications on a daily basis.
Moses Nasser: Romance.
Moses Nasser: Do you have a history of depression or anxiety.
Marcus Ma: Yes.
Marcus Ma: Both yes
Okay.
Moses Nasser: Do you have it. Have you ever tried to commit suicide.
Moses Nasser: No. Okay. Do you have any thoughts about committing suicide.
Marcus Ma: Now, no. Okay, no.
Moses Nasser: Any thoughts about hurting anyone else.
Marcus Ma: No. Okay.
Moses Nasser: For your depression.
Moses Nasser: What would you say are you are you are you depressed, all the time. Or you get these episodes are times when you get real depressed and hopeless and feel like the world's ending
Marcus Ma: Um, I mean,
Marcus Ma: I would say that I have times that
Marcus Ma: That I feel depressed and
Marcus Ma: The last last couple years have been particularly hard for me for some reason and
Marcus Ma: I would say that I, I pretty much struggled constantly. I would say for the last, like, year and a half.
Moses Nasser: But even depressed every day for the last year and a half. Would you say that
Marcus Ma: Um, I mean, I
Moses Nasser: For the most part, like
Marcus Ma: I think i think i i think i have. Yeah, I have. I HAVE BETTER DAYS AND OTHERS AND LIKE THIS WEEK FOR SOME REASON THIS WEEK. I haven't, I haven't felt depressed. I've, I've actually felt pretty good. The last few days.
Marcus Ma: I don't I don't I don't really know why but
Marcus Ma: I've kind of come out of that like that haze that I've been in for a while.
Marcus Ma: And
Marcus Ma: I felt more like how I'd like to feel
Marcus Ma: But yeah, I can't, I don't really, I can't really pinpoint why that is.
Moses Nasser: Do you have trouble sleeping sleeping too much or too little.
Marcus Ma: Not really.
Moses Nasser: Okay, so you're sleeping is OK.
Moses Nasser: OK. Okay. Do you have decreased interest in activities like pleasurable or recreational activities.
Marcus Ma: Yeah, right. Like recreational activities.
Moses Nasser: Like wanting to spend time with your daughter, is that normal
Marcus Ma: Yeah, I mean, we spend time together. But, you know, like we don't we don't go out and do things that often.
Marcus Ma: Like stay at home a lot
Moses Nasser: But you have the desire to do those things.
Marcus Ma: I'd like i'd like to yeah but but I you know I always have a problem with like following through or having getting the motivation to to do something.
Moses Nasser: Okay, so you have some trouble with motivation.
Moses Nasser: Yeah, okay.
Moses Nasser: Do you have excessive guilt.
Marcus Ma: Typically, yes.
Okay.
Moses Nasser: Do you have difficulty concentrating
I
Marcus Ma: I don't I don't I don't know.
Moses Nasser: Yeah, sure. Okay.
Marcus Ma: I think
Marcus Ma: I mean, yeah, I mean, I think, I think I do. Okay. Most of the time, but
Moses Nasser: Do you work.
Marcus Ma: I do
Moses Nasser: What do you do for work.
Marcus Ma: I I'm a pool service tech work on swimming pools and swimming pool equipment.
Moses Nasser: Is it your own business.
Marcus Ma: Now I work for someone else.
Moses Nasser: And you're doing okay with that you're able you're holding down your job and everything right.
Marcus Ma: Yeah, up until last week.
Marcus Ma: And I, when I missed most of the week. Oh yeah, I've been doing a pretty good job. I, I haven't, I haven't been really liking my job very much lately, but
Marcus Ma: But I've been managing
Moses Nasser: And are you working full time.
Moses Nasser: Yes. Okay.
Moses Nasser: All right, that's good. Um, let's see. Normal appetite.
Marcus Ma: Yeah, I have a really healthy appetite.
Okay.
Moses Nasser: And
Moses Nasser: And then with a depression you have like a like a you feel sad on most days or or hopeless.
Moses Nasser: Or or when you get the episodes.
Marcus Ma: How often on
Moses Nasser: The sadness and hopefully do you get hopeless, or just sadness.
Marcus Ma: Why, I think, I think for a while. Like, I would say the last couple years at least, really like the last year and a half or so I've felt pretty hopeless.
Marcus Ma: I've just I've felt like I'm just not
Marcus Ma: I'm not happy with my situation and I don't really
Marcus Ma: I don't really know how to make things better.
Marcus Ma: And so I've kind of felt I just felt stuck. I felt stuck, I guess. Yeah, that does make that does make me sad. It makes me feel sad, most of the time.
Moses Nasser: And helpless, then
Marcus Ma: Helpless yeah
Moses Nasser: Okay.
Moses Nasser: So we're going to say this, that this sign me up instead of depression.
Moses Nasser: Which is kind of like depression, but it's just a lower
Moses Nasser: Not as not as serious
Moses Nasser: Just like me a persistent depressive disorder.
Moses Nasser: As far as the anxiety. Oh, and what is your depression level today on a scale of one to 10
Marcus Ma: Um, I mean, I would say today.
Marcus Ma: I would say today my depression was really low.
Marcus Ma: Okay, probably lower than it's been in a really long time. I would say maybe like
Marcus Ma: Maybe like a two or three
Moses Nasser: Okay, excellent.
Moses Nasser: And then as far as your anxiety goes. Now, do you have anxiety, all the time, or is it just like panic attacks or if you're in certain situations.
Marcus Ma: I'm really, really, I just have the exact I've only historically had the anxiety attacks when I am when I'm coming down off of the meth, but
Marcus Ma: Like I like I said, I haven't
Marcus Ma: I haven't had that experience recently.
Marcus Ma: So I haven't, haven't really been feeling anxiety lately.
Moses Nasser: You haven't had anxiety lately. Okay, good.
Marcus Ma: Now,
Moses Nasser: When you do have the anxiety, then it's usually just associated coming off of that.
Marcus Ma: Yeah yeah
Moses Nasser: You're really having outside of that.
Moses Nasser: Now, so we're not going to diagnose any anxiety right now because once you're off of the math if you're off because you don't diagnose it. If it's related to the drug use.
Moses Nasser: So we're just going to wait and see how you do. Okay. All right. Um, any other medical problems that you want to let me know about
Marcus Ma: I'm
Marcus Ma: Not really, no. I mean, I'm, I'm pretty like exceptionally healthy and fit.
Marcus Ma: All things considered, the only the only concern. I've had lately is the
Marcus Ma: The, the sexual sexual behavior lately.
Marcus Ma: Has been kind of risky for me so
Okay.
Marcus Ma: But I have. I haven't, I haven't had any symptoms.
Moses Nasser: So I'm going to ask you just a few questions just going to go through them. Are you having right today or recently not associated with coming off of men hearing voices.
Moses Nasser: Body pain.
Moses Nasser: Headache blurry vision ringing in the ears, rash, chest pain trouble breathing trouble breathing when you walk swelling in your legs stomach cramping, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, constipation,
Moses Nasser: No. Okay. And then you're able to feed yourself and shower and bathe yourself and take care of yourself. Correct.
Marcus Ma: Yes.
Moses Nasser: Okay, good. And then physical exams normal
Moses Nasser: I'm saying that because this is being recorded and they're going to do the
Moses Nasser: The my know for me diagnosis. Number one is going to be methamphetamine. Use Disorder severe number two is sex addiction and number three is decide me a persistent depressive disorder.
Moses Nasser: For the plan so
Moses Nasser: Today is Thursday.
Moses Nasser: We have our groups once a week where we all meet together, and most of the patients are addicted to opioids.
Moses Nasser: But you'll find that the you know the thoughts, the thought process, the behavior with all addictions is the same.
Moses Nasser: It's literally the same even the sex addiction.
Moses Nasser: It's the same experiences the same feelings you know there's triggers.
Moses Nasser: Working the steps, it's all, it's just so closely related, you know, chemically, it's the same. It's the same area of the brain. The pleasure centers, the dopamine centers in the brain.
Moses Nasser: Whether it's gambling addiction sex addiction or heroin meth. They all go to the same addiction centers in the brain alcohol.
Moses Nasser: There aren't any specific medications that are that are FDA approved to treat methamphetamine or sex addiction, but
Moses Nasser: There is a medicine called Naltrexone which we use for alcohol addiction.
Moses Nasser: And for opioid addiction, which helps with the cravings and what we've seen is that this medicine. Also there's promising evidence that it does help with other addictions also behavioral addictions and food addictions. Because again, it's all in the same area of the brain.
Moses Nasser: I would like to try some Naltrexone with you and see how you do with it.
Moses Nasser: Medically speaking
Moses Nasser: Um,
Moses Nasser: And what we could also do is a treat you for the design me out of the depression would like an anti depressant.
Moses Nasser: I'm but I like to do one thing at a time.
Moses Nasser: So,
Moses Nasser: I think we should start with the Naltrexone
Moses Nasser: Which is it comes in both a pill form and a monthly injectable form, but we'll just do the pills and start with a half ago, a day can make you a little tired, um,
Moses Nasser: But try it and kind of persistent and just see like how it makes you feel, and if it's if it helps you with cravings, you know, and with impulses
Moses Nasser: Aside from that, I would say, you know, come to group will do the medication check and we're trying to work through the steps. I'm always going to encourage you to join a group not only our group, but to go to meetings like a meetings.
Moses Nasser: So you go to Narcotics Anonymous. Oh, what's your spirituality, if you don't mind sharing it with me. Do you have a spiritual belief system.
Marcus Ma: I do. Yeah, I'm
Marcus Ma: I'm a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints.
Moses Nasser: Oh, excellent.
Moses Nasser: Can I just say Mormon, is that okay
Marcus Ma: Mormons, fine.
Moses Nasser: Okay, so
Moses Nasser: I would encourage you to check and see if there is an addiction recovery group through your church.
Moses Nasser: There are there is there is
Moses Nasser: Yeah, there's also there in the Christian Church in the Christian that's not Mormon, because I don't like to categorize Mormons as non Christians, but in the in the nondenominational Christian church. I guess you could say there's something called Celebrate Recovery.
Moses Nasser: So recovery is a Christ centered
Moses Nasser: recovery program and it is still based on the 12 steps, but we also base it on like the Beatitudes.
Moses Nasser: And instead of referring to a higher power refer to God, you know, in the name of Jesus Christ. You know, it's very, it's Christian
Moses Nasser: Is very powerful. And so that's what I that's, that's my preference. That's what I recommend. Um, so I would recommend researching or checking out a meeting it through your church through the temple or through a Celebrate Recovery meeting.
Moses Nasser: Eventually, our goal for. So our goal in recovery is to be going to meetings every week and and that could be seven meetings a week. It could be one meeting a week but plugged into meetings, having a sponsor.
Moses Nasser: And working the steps.
Moses Nasser: That's that's the core of recovery going to meetings consistently you're plugged into a community, you have brothers around you men.
Moses Nasser: Men around you that are encouraging you and helping you. You have a sponsor.
Moses Nasser: Somebody you can call and your sponsor is helping you work through the steps and you're doing the work because recovery. You have to do the work.
Moses Nasser: You know, it's, there's no shortcuts. You have to actually go through the steps and do the work you knowledge in your higher power. I was powerless over my addiction.
Moses Nasser: You know, God can restore me to sanity, you write down your character faults, you know, things you've done in the past, you make amends. I mean, the whole that whole process is really just applying
Moses Nasser: Your faith in your life and applying that process. And that's where healing happens is going through that and it also happens in the community, but having brothers around you men.
Moses Nasser: Men of god that are around you that are supporting you, you know, that are laying their hands on you praying over you. But having that support that men support group is huge.
Moses Nasser: Now, if you're not comfortable with that. Then the other option would be Narcotics Anonymous na or a
Moses Nasser: And finding a sponsor and working the steps. The same process and they'll refer to your higher power.
Moses Nasser: And then, but I mean, step one is admitted. We were powerless over our addiction, our lives have become unmanageable. Then came to believe that a power greater than ourselves could restore us to sanity.
Moses Nasser: And then made a decision to turn our will and our lives over to the care of God as we understood him. So whether you go to an A or a or you go to Celebrate Recovery or whatever they have at the temple.
Moses Nasser: No matter what has some point if you're working the steps, it's a it's an essential step is acknowledging your higher power naming get naming him, you know, and moving forward with that process.
Moses Nasser: Now, if you're uncomfortable with any of that, then you could do smart recovery which is like behaviors and triggers and, you know, kind of like I can do it myself type of thing.
Moses Nasser: And if, if that's what you want to do, like, I'm here to say I'm not here to judge you. I'm here to support you.
Moses Nasser: So whatever works for you and your process. Of course you know I'm Christian and and you're a Mormon or slash Christian. So for me, it's like
Moses Nasser: You know, that's what I would, that's what I'm going to recommend and go for it because that's what he'll mean that's what worked for me, you know,
Moses Nasser: And I have my own set of, like, you know, struggles with with with sex and fornication and sex outside of marriage. And so when I went to Celebrate Recovery. That's what I, that's what I was
Moses Nasser: I went to see. I was like, wow, addiction, you know Christ centered addiction recovery. Let me go check this out. And then when I got there and praise and worship and this name was like, wow, it's great.
Moses Nasser: And so the guy that was in charge counties and I told him. Yeah, I'm here. You know, I'm a physician and this and that, you know, he's like, okay, then I was like, but you know I do kind of struggle with.
Moses Nasser: I think I do kind of struggle with, you know, this sexual sexual addiction thing, you know, because it's something that's
Moses Nasser: Been in my life and I had this girlfriend and, you know, and it just was like destructive for me, you know, and going to massage parlors between you and I and stuff like that. And he's like, he goes, we have a group for you like
Moses Nasser: I was like, okay, we'll try it out, you know, and then it ended up being just just really amazing having these men of God, people that really love God, you know, that are struggling with the same professionals.
Moses Nasser: educated professionals struggling with the same thing that I was. And so getting my little coin and being able to call someone. I mean, it just, it was trying to he has made all the difference in the world. It's really amazing.
Moses Nasser: So it's a cool environment and you'll get that somewhat obviously you'll get that same not the same, but you'll get that in like in a Narcotics Anonymous or a you're going to get that, but it's a different. It's a different group of people, you know, with the different you know kind of
Moses Nasser: Everyone has their own belief system or whatever. And people are still supportive. You know, there's a lot of cursing and cigarettes and coffee and all that stuff. But yeah, everyone has their own style that works for them.
Moses Nasser: So for to do you have any questions about everything what I just talked about.
Marcus Ma: Um, well, yeah. Yeah, I do. I do. I do you have some questions all also say to just as just as feedback I i
Marcus Ma: Would have looked into. Celebrate Recovery, so I think I'll I will try to find
Marcus Ma: I will find try to find a group that I can attend I've, I want
Marcus Ma: To check that out. And I do. I did go to my, I went to my church. My church meeting. We have a
Marcus Ma: It's like a pornography addiction support recovery group through our church.
Moses Nasser: church or temple.
Marcus Ma: Church church.
Marcus Ma: Yeah. The temple is is part of part of our part of our church.
Moses Nasser: And I do you refer to yourself as Christian at all.
Moses Nasser: Like I
Moses Nasser: Do you like I just want to be respectful and everything with you.
Marcus Ma: Yeah, we are we are we are absolutely are Christian
Moses Nasser: Okay, y'all can save more means
Moses Nasser: Christian. Okay, I just want to make sure I know, yeah.
You were so
Marcus Ma: So yeah, so I
Moses Nasser: Checked out at church. The, the sex addiction group or the point of
Marcus Ma: Yeah, and I've been. I've
Marcus Ma: I've gone to that meeting, off and on for the last 15 years so but it's but it's not it's not is
Marcus Ma: I would, I would say it's not as organized as the Celebrate Recovery seems to be, so I think I'm I think I am going to check out the Celebrate Recovery.
Marcus Ma: Okay, because I want to, I want to get a sponsor. I've had a sponsor before in the
Marcus Ma: In the essay essay program and
Marcus Ma: So, but, yeah, I like I like and your description of the Celebrate Recovery. It sounds like it sounds like that's what I'm looking for in a group. I've been. I've been to na sa
Marcus Ma: Okay, my church. My church group.
Moses Nasser: Of these things.
Marcus Ma: Yeah, yeah. And you know, I've worked this I've worked the steps I've had various sponsors but
Marcus Ma: But it's not the Soviet recovery sounds. It sounds like a good fit for me. So I'll, I'll try to find a group that I can plug into and see how. See how that fits and and then and then quick questions I had about the not not practicing
Marcus Ma: Naltrexone Naltrexone
Marcus Ma: So I one other thing is I am. I've been thinking about quitting smoking lately, but I don't know. I don't know if it's the right time for me to do that because I'm basically I'm like giving up everything and
Marcus Ma: And you know even giving up like
Marcus Ma: My behaviors and my you know my hobbies, quote unquote, and whatnot. So I don't know if I don't know if it's the right time but i but i i know that
Moses Nasser: How much do you smoke.
Marcus Ma: Smoke like half a pack a day.
Marcus Ma: And
Moses Nasser: I would say I would say, let's see how you feel on the Naltrexone that might help with the smoking. Also, but like you said, it's not the right
Time.
Moses Nasser: One thing at a time. Okay.
Marcus Ma: Okay, so yeah all I'll give the now truck soon to try and all plugged into a meeting and then how do I
Marcus Ma: Because we haven't really discussed this with the when I was doing the enrollment and everything, but how do I get, how do we get plugged into the group.
Moses Nasser: So the group. My men's group is that nine o'clock on Monday.
Moses Nasser: So you just you just check in, and the bright heart health waiting room.
Moses Nasser: Okay, and
Moses Nasser: And then they'll give you the, the group, they'll give you a group ID number for the zoom room.
Moses Nasser: And then you just go to that you just go to zoom and you punch in that ID number, and then you'll join us in the group. Okay.
Marcus Ma: That's
Moses Nasser: That's 9am 9am on Monday.
OK.
Moses Nasser: So the Naltrexone is only half the tab. Okay. Okay.
Marcus Ma: For now, now
Marcus Ma: And then any any any side effects. I should be aware of.
Moses Nasser: Walmart on rosewood
Yes.
Moses Nasser: Side effects little stomach upset nausea type of thing.
Marcus Ma: Okay.
Moses Nasser: That's pretty much it. Allergic reaction is with every medicine. That's possible. I just sent your medicine over
Marcus Ma: Okay, um,
Marcus Ma: So, I take it, take it with food, try and limit the najah
Moses Nasser: You can try it. Yeah, you try that again. Yes, mess around with it. Okay.
Marcus Ma: So one half a tablet day
Moses Nasser: Huh. Okay.
Moses Nasser: And
Moses Nasser: Yeah, so for plan we're doing Naltrexone 50 milligrams won't have tablet daily
Moses Nasser: Education on getting plugged into Celebrate Recovery patient is going to explore sober covered meetings and try to attend one meeting before coming into a group on Monday weekly group meetings on Mondays at nine o'clock.
Moses Nasser: And low key risk for suicide and we'll readdress tobacco cessation later we'll readdress this time yo later. First we'll start out with the Naltrexone and see how patient
Moses Nasser: Response
Moses Nasser: Cool.
Marcus Ma: Sounds good.
Moses Nasser: Okay, brother man is nice to meet you.
Moses Nasser: You too, and I'll see you Monday night.
Marcus Ma: All right. Thank you very much.
Moses Nasser: God bless you. You too.
Moses Nasser: Hi, Lindsay, I can't see you, or hear you.
Moses Nasser: Hi, Lindsey.
LINDSEY: Hey how's it going
Moses Nasser: Good, how are you
LINDSEY: I'm all right.
Moses Nasser: I need to sign this form. Can you just give me a minute.
Yeah.
Moses Nasser: Can you hear me.
Moses Nasser: Here you kind of choppy, though.
Can
Moses Nasser: You colored in real choppy like
LINDSEY: Oh,
LINDSEY: That was a little better.
LINDSEY: Okay, one second.
Oh, that's
Moses Nasser: Okay, I'm gonna go sign up for him. I'll be right back.
LINDSEY: Okay, I'm gonna see if I can get better service.
Moses Nasser: Okay.
LINDSEY: Okay. That's better. Okay.
Moses Nasser: I can hear sounds, but I can't hear what you're saying.
LINDSEY: I'm gonna pull over. I just got to a better spot.
LINDSEY: Can you hear me.
Moses Nasser: Yeah, I can hear you and see you now.
LINDSEY: Okay, yeah, I'm almost there.
Moses Nasser: I can see you tomorrow. Do you want to do tomorrow at two o'clock.
LINDSEY: I won't be able to do that because I'm working, but I can hear you really well. Now if that works for you.
Moses Nasser: Okay.
LINDSEY: I had to have to do this meeting in my car because I really don't have any privacy where I live.
Moses Nasser: Alright, no problem. We'll just knock it out.
LINDSEY: Yeah, we don't have to do like the whole therapy session. If you want to
LINDSEY: Um, I know. Like I'm signed up for therapy, but I'm really just trying to get back on antidepressants.
Moses Nasser: Okay.
Moses Nasser: Shows that the main reason you're coming in.
LINDSEY: I mean, I would like to do therapy. I know I need to do it. Um, but, like, my main concern right now is getting back on my medications, because when I lost my health insurance, about a year ago.
LINDSEY: I thought I could
LINDSEY: Get off my medications and that I was good. Um, but I'm realizing that I actually
LINDSEY: am struggling without medication and I was on it for a while and it really helped.
LINDSEY: Okay. And I thought I was better. But now that I'm off of it. I'm realizing that yeah it's not better.
Moses Nasser: Your first name is Lindsey right
Moses Nasser: Yeah. What's your last name.
LINDSEY: Donington D and i n g to in
Okay.
Moses Nasser: Sorry, I'm just setting up your chart.
LINDSEY: Give me a second. Oh, good.
Moses Nasser: And sorry about such the long delay, I was working in one place and then I went and had to pick up my daughter from school and
LINDSEY: It was, yeah, I totally get it.
Moses Nasser: long afternoon, you know, trying to get things situated.
LINDSEY: Yeah, managing life is a lot of work.
Yeah.
Moses Nasser: What's your date of birth.
LINDSEY: December 1 1992
Moses Nasser: All right. And, um, do you use drugs.
LINDSEY: No.
Moses Nasser: Okay, so, oh meth heroin. Hope you as
Moses Nasser: It as it pains. I
LINDSEY: Know I
LINDSEY: Know I don't actually drink alcohol. I don't like it but I do occasionally
LINDSEY: I'm brings it to a
LINDSEY: Medical sometimes they do have a little bit of THC.
LINDSEY: But if
LINDSEY: I mean, I guess that's still considered a drug, but it's totally legal in California. So I definitely use that here in there as needed.
Moses Nasser: Okay, how often is that
LINDSEY: Um,
Moses Nasser: once a week, once a day.
LINDSEY: It just really depends. It's as needed. Um,
LINDSEY: Let's just say like a couple times a month.
Moses Nasser: Like twice a month.
LINDSEY: Sure.
Moses Nasser: Okay.
LINDSEY: It's nothing like it's nothing heavy it's mainly just CBD that I'm taking for anxiety because I'm trying as many things as I can try to get through the day, you know, because I'll drink caffeine to get stimulated.
LINDSEY: So I could do a good job at work and then I've got so much anxiety. So I'm just constantly like
LINDSEY: Just trying to like get myself to the right mood, but I never really feel like I'm there.
Yeah.
Moses Nasser: So the main reason that you came in is, for depression and anxiety.
LINDSEY: Yeah.
Moses Nasser: Okay. And so for your depression. Are you depressed, like all the time. Like most days or do you get episodes.
LINDSEY: Um, yeah, I would say it's always there. Um,
LINDSEY: Yeah, I would definitely say I'm more of like the depressed person that is just kind of always depressed rather
LINDSEY: Than like
LINDSEY: manic or any
Moses Nasser: Are you there.
LINDSEY: And like
Moses Nasser: I can't hear you.
LINDSEY: Oh,
LINDSEY: I did, but I have to drink less caffeine to care about anything. And then I just feel anxious
LINDSEY: Okay. Um, can you hear me now.
LINDSEY: Yeah, I'm
LINDSEY: Sorry.
LINDSEY: A little bit, yeah, I'm here.
Moses Nasser: Yeah.
LINDSEY: All right.
LINDSEY: Are you
Moses Nasser: Are you there. What
LINDSEY: I've got yeah I'm here.
LINDSEY: I have four bars and service, so I don't
LINDSEY: Know why it's so delay.
Moses Nasser: Okay.
Moses Nasser: So you said you're usually depressed, all the time.
Moses Nasser: Every day do you get feelings of hopelessness.
LINDSEY: I just don't care.
LINDSEY: I would say
LINDSEY: Oh,
Moses Nasser: Do you have trouble sleeping or sleeping too much.
LINDSEY: Yeah, I definitely have gone through episodes of slowly being way too much. Um, but I'm trying to like get my
LINDSEY: I know that's not good. I don't know. It just depends. Sometimes, I sleep. Way too much. And then there's certain things that I know I need to do to be happy. But then I get anxious about them. So then, sometimes I don't sleep very well and I wake up through
LINDSEY: The night worried about it.
Moses Nasser: Okay. And do you feel excessive guilt.
LINDSEY: Not really, no.
Moses Nasser: You said you have low energy right
LINDSEY: Yeah. The only thing I ever felt guilt.
LINDSEY: To you about this.
LINDSEY: Time because
LINDSEY: It feels like I can't get any done or I can't like use my time wisely.
Moses Nasser: Do you have a normal appetite.
Moses Nasser: To eat. Okay. Do you have
Yeah.
Moses Nasser: Okay. And then, do you have any thoughts about hurting yourself.
Moses Nasser: Or hurting anyone else.
LINDSEY: Really well that's like the one thing that
Moses Nasser: You cut out
Moses Nasser: Hello.
Moses Nasser: I can't hear you.
Are you there.
Moses Nasser: Hello.
Moses Nasser: It's not better. What time. What time do you work tomorrow.
LINDSEY: Okay, I have five hours of service.
Moses Nasser: What time do you work tomorrow.
LINDSEY: I go to work in the morning, but it's more of like a project thing. So we're, we're done when we're done. Um,
Moses Nasser: What have you started the morning
LINDSEY: Nine.
Moses Nasser: Well, I can actually okay let's see if we can finish really quick what medicine what medicine where you want before
LINDSEY: I was on trend telex TR i n te LL IX.
Moses Nasser: Alex
LINDSEY: Yeah, but it's really expensive. And that's that caused a whole nother or slew of issues for me as well. So I need to see if I can get it affordably.
Moses Nasser: Um, have you have you tried any other
Moses Nasser: Have you tried any other antidepressants in the past.
LINDSEY: Yeah, and the other ones kind of messed with me a bit. I tried. So loft. I tried Wellbutrin and Trent Alex was the one that like actually kind of balanced meal, and I didn't have any negative side effects.
Moses Nasser: Okay. Well, I, I just don't want to have problems with it, you know, with the with insurance and all that stuff.
Moses Nasser: Yeah, I'm
Moses Nasser: 40 ox a team. It's probably related to Paxil, have you tried Paxil
LINDSEY: Oh god yeah I don't want to take Paxil I
LINDSEY: Just like weight gain and like
LINDSEY: Not getting like feeling what
Moses Nasser: Happened when you took Wellbutrin
LINDSEY: Wellbutrin just made me like stop eating and
LINDSEY: I don't know how to explain it. It was just kind of like super stimulating, but in a bad way.
Mm hmm.
Moses Nasser: Right.
LINDSEY: Like I get
LINDSEY: Prescribed prescribed
LINDSEY: Adderall or Vive asked for my ADHD and that was nice because I could take it as needed.
LINDSEY: I'm like, if I had to go to work or something but Wellbutrin just kind of always had me on that edge where I felt stimulated, but to the point where it was like more gave me more anxiety than like ADHD drugs do towards the end of the day, you know,
Moses Nasser: Okay, let's try. Why don't we try Lexapro. Um, have you ever tried Lexapro or select, sir.
LINDSEY: Um, no. Can we, can we just maybe try for the trend, Alex. Because I know that works. And then I can just go through my insurance and see if I can afford it. And if I
LINDSEY: Can't then I can contact you guys
Moses Nasser: Sure what dosage. Well, let's see. Start 10 milligrams a day what dosage. Were you on before that worked for you.
LINDSEY: I was on
Moses Nasser: Okay, so we'll start 10 milligrams a day. Make sure you're not having any side effects do that for a week or two, and then we can bump it to 20
LINDSEY: Okay, um,
LINDSEY: I also used to be prescribed Gabba Penton for anxiety because that was like the one that you can't get addicted to or that's like why initially wanted to try that one.
Moses Nasser: Mm hmm.
LINDSEY: Have you. Have you prescribed gab intention for anxiety before
Moses Nasser: I have and you know I did. Did that work for you in the past. Did you like it.
LINDSEY: Oh god, yeah. It really helps if I'm feeling like anxious, even if I I used to be prescribed like these. They're like horse pills, but I could break it up and take like 200 milligrams of it and it definitely took the edge off but didn't have me like sedated.
Moses Nasser: So the Gabba Penton dosage. Usually I give like 300 milligrams three times a day.
Moses Nasser: But you
Moses Nasser: Do 100 200 300. Where do you want to start with. You want to start on a real low like 100 or you want to just do the three hundreds take them at night and get them going.
LINDSEY: Yeah 300 or five
Moses Nasser: Right on national Boulevard. Right.
Yeah.
LINDSEY: And
LINDSEY: I think that
LINDSEY: I would like to get my ADHD medication back because I just do so much better at work and I feel more confident and it helps me when I'm getting like emotional like I know
LINDSEY: I know it sounds weird but like the stimulating effects of it kind of bring me out of depression, when I'm feeling like low and I need to just, like, feel like awake.
LINDSEY: So I have my records. I've been getting prescribed it since I was 15 and then I lost my insurance and haven't been to the doctor and over a year.
Moses Nasser: Okay.
Moses Nasser: So ADHD since 15 years old.
Moses Nasser: Were you on
LINDSEY: They
Moses Nasser: diagnosed me with it.
And
LINDSEY: I was on
LINDSEY: Finance, but then not got too expensive. So I switched from by the Insta Adderall.
Moses Nasser: I have to find out if I'm able to do that. I'm not sure if I can do that. They are all for you. Okay.
LINDSEY: Okay.
Moses Nasser: And I especially don't want to start everything at the same time, I usually like to do just one thing at a time, but I'm okay with the trend Alex and the gap repentant at the same time.
Moses Nasser: The other thing that we could do is
LINDSEY: Sorry, go ahead.
Moses Nasser: Everything we could do is try a really small dose of Wellbutrin and now augmented trint Alex and it will give you a little bit of that energy and the arm, it helps with ADHD Wellbutrin kind of affects the same
Moses Nasser: Process as they as like the Adderall does, but it's just at a much lower level and more consistently.
LINDSEY: Yeah, but the Wellbutrin is like constant anxiety when I feel like just taking a turn. Alex with the ADHD meds at a low dose as needed, as
LINDSEY: Well, my doctor prescribed me 30 milligrams, so I never took that much. So I, I need as much as like five milligrams to 10 milligrams to feel
LINDSEY: Like okay, but not too much.
Moses Nasser: Hello. Yeah, I'm here. So really, just like a pirate around
LINDSEY: Yeah, like a very low dose, just to like have me focused, but not overly drug dominant
LINDSEY: Because when I first started taking it as a kid, like it was crazy like way over the top. Um, but now it seems like it feels like an effective anti depressant, and lower doses.
LINDSEY: Um,
LINDSEY: And I can send you all of my medical history from my previous doctor, I went to a neurologist in high school and then in college, I went to a general doctor and I've been it's all the paperwork is there from years of tape.
LINDSEY: And I realized that I was actually like
LINDSEY: Treating my depression with the Adderall and then like, once I got out of college, I realized that like I had been really depressed, my whole life. And I just didn't like, you know, really realized that, because I just thought that was normal.
Yeah.
Moses Nasser: Medical Director. See if I can give it to you or not.
LINDSEY: All right.
Response
Moses Nasser: So your current ADHD symptoms or that you basically can't
Moses Nasser: Wear what happens like you can't concentrate or what symptoms. Do you have
Moses Nasser: Hello.
LINDSEY: I can hear you now.
Moses Nasser: Oh what ADHD symptoms. Do you have
LINDSEY: So I basically
LINDSEY: Have screwed up at work. So
LINDSEY: Much because
LINDSEY: I just like completely disorganized. I like I can't stay focused. I can't listen
Moses Nasser: Okay. Trouble listening traveling focusing troubling staying organized and trouble concentrating
Moses Nasser: And then for the anxiety. Do you have is your diet. Do you have anxiety all the time like on a daily thing.
Moses Nasser: Or is it only in certain situations or panic attacks.
Moses Nasser: I can't do this anymore. I have to go.
Moses Nasser: Hey,
LINDSEY: Can you hear me.
Moses Nasser: Oh no, I can hear you.
LINDSEY: Okay, I'm sorry, my phone over I'm overheated from this app.
Moses Nasser: Um, do you have any thoughts about hurting yourself or anyone else.
Moses Nasser: Never okay um
Moses Nasser: Have you ever attempted suicide.
Moses Nasser: Never okay i sent in the trend to x to the pharmacy and the gabapentin I sent a message to my medical director to see if I can give you a little bit of Adderall to help you as needed for the
Moses Nasser: For the ADHD just really quick for the anxiety is it every day that you have anxiety. So like
Moses Nasser: Every time
LINDSEY: I every day all day but it gets so much worse when I have to go socialize, like I'm a hermit, as is.
LINDSEY: But then social gatherings. I, I just haven't been going out and when I was on antidepressants, I would actually not really mind talking to people, but I've been so cooped up by myself. The last year because
LINDSEY: And that's how I really realized that I am depressed is because I haven't been doing anything or going out and seeing anyone
Moses Nasser: Okay.
LINDSEY: And it's mainly from, I guess.
LINDSEY: Yeah, it's like I always have anxiety, but I definitely have social anxiety and I like sometimes can't even speak right when I'm at work.
LINDSEY: And it's like I'm losing jobs and I haven't been making money and I just realized that like when I was medicated like everything was balanced and I
LINDSEY: could depend, but I knew that my mood would be consistent and it wasn't like, oh, like I might be totally depressed that day. Like, I can't commit to that, you know,
Moses Nasser: Okay.
Um,
Moses Nasser: Alright so diagnosis is a major depressive disorder prescription Alex 10 milligrams will work up to 20 milligrams after two weeks if patient
Moses Nasser: Desires to do so. Next generalized anxiety disorder and social anxiety disorders. Start gather Penton 300 milligrams three times a day. Next ADHD since patient was 15 years old.
Moses Nasser: Rx Adderall five milligrams once a day as needed only
LINDSEY: Yeah, that's fine.
Moses Nasser: How much do you normally takes like in a month. How many five switch you taken a month.
Um,
LINDSEY: I would take them like every day that I was working. So, like, five days a week with a weekend off.
Moses Nasser: Okay, we'll dispense a number 30 physical exam is normal low key risk for suicide.
Moses Nasser: Know suicidal ideation know and review systems know headache, chest pain trouble breathing or swelling in your legs, vomiting, diarrhea, stomach cramping.
Moses Nasser: None. Okay, so, um, how reach out to you for follow up, we could do a follow up probably
Moses Nasser: In about a week or two.
Okay.
Moses Nasser: Let me look at the calendar.
Moses Nasser: One week so we'll do probably Monday, March 9
LINDSEY: Okay.
Moses Nasser: 130
LINDSEY: Yeah, that's fine.
Moses Nasser: Okay, and I'll send you're already sent the other two. I'm going to send in the other one right now.
Moses Nasser: Okay, and
Moses Nasser: And then, you know, we have counselors, you get one on one counseling. And then if I have more patients who are not addiction, who are just mental health.
Moses Nasser: And then we can put you in that group. So we could do our sessions together, but I think you're my only patient that's only
Moses Nasser: That's only mental health and not addiction. So for now I'll just see you one on one.
LINDSEY: Okay. That works. Yeah. And I just like
LINDSEY: Yeah, I don't know, I just get yeah I just rather do it one on one for now. Maybe once I get back on the medicine all be into the group thing.
Moses Nasser: Yeah.
Moses Nasser: Hmm.
Moses Nasser: He's saying it's a gray area because I haven't seen you in person.
LINDSEY: Where are you located
Moses Nasser: I'm in Southern California, where are you
LINDSEY: I'm well I'm up in Oakland, but I can come down to southern California.
Moses Nasser: Seriously.
LINDSEY: Yeah.
Moses Nasser: Why there's no doctors out there that you could see
LINDSEY: Yeah, so I'm on Medi Cal and I've been on a waiting list for the last couple of months to see a doctor.
LINDSEY: So yeah, anyways, they turned me over to you guys for online counseling because there weren't any doctors that didn't have three month waiting periods, because I guess only certain places except medico
Moses Nasser: Wow.
Moses Nasser: Are you going to be coming down here.
LINDSEY: Yeah, I'm coming down there tomorrow.
Moses Nasser: Tomorrow. Yeah. Oh.
Moses Nasser: Uh, let's see.
Moses Nasser: Where could I meet you tomorrow.
Moses Nasser: I'm
LINDSEY: Going to be flying in the afternoon.
LINDSEY: Okay. Shouldn't be down there tomorrow evening. Um, when you say Southern California, like where in Southern California.
Moses Nasser: And then empire. What city are you going to
LINDSEY: Los Angeles.
Moses Nasser: Oh, you'll be in LA, about an hour East
Moses Nasser: 45 minutes 40 minutes. Okay.
Moses Nasser: Well,
LINDSEY: I can talk to my partner and see if we can get over there. Um, but yeah, it'd be do you work at a practice.
Moses Nasser: I work in all these different recovery centers and I do online.
LINDSEY: Okay.
Moses Nasser: So I have like a
Moses Nasser: Specific place or I'm thinking where I could where I would be able to meet you. I'm trying to figure out
Moses Nasser: Maybe even on Saturday.
Moses Nasser: Saturday would probably be better for you right then driving in traffic on Friday night.
LINDSEY: Yeah, definitely.
Moses Nasser: So let's shoot for Saturday.
LINDSEY: Okay, let me just, I don't have a car while I'm down there. So I've got to talk
LINDSEY: With some people. Um, is there a way I can get in touch with you that's via email or whatever.
Moses Nasser: I can give you my phone number.
LINDSEY: Okay, let me write that down.
LINDSEY: Okay, everybody 999094 384-381-1701 170. Okay, great. All right. Well, um, yeah, I'll get back to you for Saturday, and it would be nice to meet in person just because this phone thing. It's like, yeah, we're talking but it's easier in person to get a feel for things
Moses Nasser: Yeah, absolutely.
Moses Nasser: Okay.
Moses Nasser: Okay, so we'll do that then. So I said the other two medicines and and then I'll shoot will shoot for seeing each other on Saturday, send me a text message and I'll try and figure out a place at a time.
LINDSEY: Okay, that sounds great. It was really nice to meet you. And thank you.
Moses Nasser: Nice to meet you also.
LINDSEY: All right, take care.
Moses Nasser: Bye Bye bye.